---
title: Skit Dialogue
---
Algo Rythmic skit script.

# Music: Turtles by Twice
# Random Order: samuel, bailey, everitt, sahil, nathan, iris, jun, evan
# Organized: Iris, Nathan, Evan, Bailey, Everitt, Sahil, Jun, Samuel 
***6 turtles come in swimming***

Turtles: Samuel, Jun, Sahil, Everitt, Bailey, Evan, Nathan, Iris 

- 8 turtles come in swimming and organize in random order
- Rohit and Ellen walk onto stage
- Rohit: OMG! My pet turtles are here. But I have a problem! I need to sort them by height because Petco needs to have a record. But, I don't know how to do that.
- Ellen: Hmmm! I have an idea…Why don’t we use selection sort?
- Rohit: That’s a great idea Ellen but do you know how to use selection sort?
- Ellen: Not entirely but I know some people who might...

TURTLES SHOULD BE IN THIS RANDOM ORDER: (back) jun, sahil, samuel, everitt, iris, nathan, evan, bailey (front)
**Don and Hetvi**
 
- Don: Guys Guys! We heard you need help. We actually LOVE selection sort
- Hetvi: We know that sometimes selection sorting can be hard so we are going to walk you guys and the turtles who I know love algorithms through it.
- Hetvi: Selection sort basically works by continuously selecting the smallest (or largest) turtle from this unsorted column of turtles and moving them to the sorted area. This will happen by selecting the smallest or largest turtle and swapping it with the first turtle of the unsorted portion. 
- Don: This repeats until all the turtles are sorted by height. It’s important to know that there is a subarray which is already sorted and the remaining subarray that is unsorted.
- Hetvi: So right now, the order is jun, sahil, samuel, everitt, iris, nathan, evan, bailey. What we do first is we measure Bailey's height which is 67 inches and then see if we can find any other turtle height that is smaller. As we go through the array, we set any smaller height as the next minimum value. Overall, we find that Iris at 64 inches. We swap Bailey and Iris.
- Don: For the next iteration, we start with the first unsorted turtle so Nathan.  Now we set Nathan at  as the next so-called minimum at a height of 65 inches and traverse the array to keep finding the next minimum. We find that no other turtle is shorter than 65 inches so we leave nathan in his spot. 
- Hetvi: With that same process, we go through and sort the turtles
**Fastfoward and all the turtles all sorted and align in this order: Iris, Nathan, Evan, Bailey, Everitt, Sahil, Jun, and Samuel**

- Rohit: omg thank you so mcuh! all my turtle besties are sorted. 
- Rohit pats turtles on the head but he accidentally drops a piece of lettuce on the floor. the turtles scramble up again when trying to get the lettuce. 
- Ellen: Oh no Rohit! Look! The turtles unscrambled again! We can't trust them. We need an easier way to sort them. From ap computer science, I learned that by using java, we can write a code that can sort these turtles for us.
- Ellen or Don can walk everyone through the code and the turtles will organize as they talk. 
- Ellen: To check if this works, we can scramble the turtles and run the code again.
- Ellen asks the turtles for their heights and enters them. When she clicks run, the turtles automatically organize (spinning)
**turtles scramble and code is ran...turtles are sorted by height**

Hetvi wrote [this sample code](https://hetvit27.github.io/hetvitrivedi/collegeboard/2023/03/09/TurtlesSkit.html) that we are going to develop to fit this skit.

